Update federation docs to use Apollo Server 4 (#2186)
apollographql/federation: docs/source/api/apollo-gateway.mdx

The `http` property of the `request` and `response` objects contains additional HTTP-specific properties, such as `headers`.

> This method must return an object that matches the structure of a [`GraphQLResponse`](https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-server/blob/dd15bc1d7df6b5614b53e5cad62699222dc44279/packages/server/src/externalTypes/graphql.ts#L49).  If no modifications are necessary, return the original `response`.

Reviewer: Small highlighting improvement - including the referenced `GraphQLInProgressResponse` since `GraphQLResponse` is composed of that type.
```suggestion
This method must return an object that matches the structure of a [`GraphQLResponse`](https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-server/blob/dd15bc1d7df6b5614b53e5cad62699222dc44279/packages/server/src/externalTypes/graphql.ts#L44-L52).  If no modifications are necessary, return the original `response`.
```

</td>
<td>

> [The `context` argument](/docs/apollo-server/data/resolvers/#the-context-argument) passed between the GraphQL operation's resolvers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[The `context` argument](/apollo-server/data/resolvers/#the-context-argument) passed between the GraphQL operation's resolvers.
```
